Prepare for 2.2.1 (#714)
microsoft/vscode-cordova: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.2.1
* Fixed security vulnerabilities [#704](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/704), [#707](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/707), [#711](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/711), [#712](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/712)

> * Add possibility to pass the build flag `UseModernBuildSystem` into process [#710](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/710)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support of the `--buildFlag` flag in run arguments [#710](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/710)
```

> * Fix the order of closing debugging sessions [#709](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/709)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the order of termination of debugging sessions [#709](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cordova/pull/709)
```
